[expo-video] Add support for playback from a `require` result, add usage section to the docs (#30837)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/video.mdx

</SnackInline>

## Playing local media from the assets directory

`expo-video` does not support playing media directly from a result of calling the `require` function. Use `expo-asset` to load the video before using it as the video source:

```tsx
import { Asset } from 'expo-asset';
import { VideoSource } from 'expo-video';

const asset = Asset.fromModule(require('./assets/bigbuckbunny.mp4'));

const bigBuckBunnySource: VideoSource = {
  // asset.localUri or asset.uri will be used depending on if the app was built in release or debug mode

>   uri: asset.localUri || asset.uri,

Reviewer: That is very confusing. Can't we call `Asset.loadAsync` instead of `Asset.fromModule`? That should fetch the asset.

</SnackInline>

## Playing local media from the assets directory

> `expo-video` does not support playing media directly from a result of calling the `require` function. First, the video has to be loaded using `expo-asset`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`expo-video` does not support playing media directly from a result of calling the `require` function. Use `expo-asset` to load the video before using it as the video source:
```

Since there's only once actionable step in the last sentence, let's re-phrase it and also, to add the context about what to do after loading the video with `expo-asset` (that is, to load the video as the source).

> ```jsx

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
```tsx
````

Seems like the types are used in the below example (`VideoSource`) so let's use `tsx` as the code language here.

import { Asset } from 'expo-asset';
import { VideoSource } from 'expo-video';

> const id = require('./assets/bigbuckbunny.mp4');
> const asset = Asset.fromModule(id);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
const asset = Asset.fromModule(require('./assets/bigbuckbunny.mp4'));
```

> // asset.localUri or asset.uri will be used depending on if the app was built in release or debug mode
> const uri = asset.localUri || asset.uri;
> 
> const bigBuckBunnySource: VideoSource = {
>   uri,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
const bigBuckBunnySource: VideoSource = {
  // asset.localUri or asset.uri will be used depending on if the app was built in release or debug mode
  uri: asset.localUri || asset.uri,
```
